footprints/worldheritage.md, before:

World Heritage Sites

# China (18/55)

- Imperial Palaces of the Ming and Qing Dynasties, including the Forbidden City and Mukden Palace
- Mausoleum of the First Qin Emperor
- The Great Wall
- Mount Emei Scenic Area, including Leshan Giant Buddha Scenic Area
- Classical Gardens of Suzhou
- Old Town of Lijiang
- Summer Palace
- Temple of Heaven
- Mount Wuyi
- Imperial Tombs of the Ming and Qing Dynasties, including the Ming tombs and the Ming Xiaoling Mausoleum
- Mount Qingcheng and the Dujiangyan Irrigation System
- Sichuan Giant Panda Sanctuaries
- South China Karst
- Fujian Tulou
- West Lake Cultural Landscape of Hangzhou
- Silk Roads: the Routes Network of Chang'an-Tianshan Corridor
- Grand Canal
- Kulangsu: a Historic International Settlement

# United States (3/24)

- Statue of Liberty
- San Antonio Missions
- The 20th-Century Architecture of Frank Lloyd Wright

# United Kingdom (2/32)

- Maritime Greenwich
- Palace of Westminster and Westminster Abbey including Saint Margaret's Church

Commit message:

World Heritage Sites add Wulingyuan, Three Parallel Rivers, Quanzhou

footprints/worldheritage.md, after:

World Heritage Sites

# China (21/56)

- 长城 The Great Wall
- 北京及沈阳的明清皇家宫殿 Imperial Palaces of the Ming and Qing Dynasties, including the Forbidden City and Mukden Palace
- 秦始皇陵及兵马俑坑 Mausoleum of the First Qin Emperor
- 武陵源风景名胜区 Wulingyuan Scenic and Historic Interest Area
- 峨眉山-乐山大佛 Mount Emei Scenic Area, including Leshan Giant Buddha Scenic Area
- 丽江古城 Old Town of Lijiang
- 苏州古典园林 Classical Gardens of Suzhou
- 北京皇家园林-颐和园 Summer Palace
- 北京皇家祭坛-天坛 Temple of Heaven
- 武夷山 Mount Wuyi
- 青城山-都江堰 Mount Qingcheng and the Dujiangyan Irrigation System
- 明清皇家陵寝 Imperial Tombs of the Ming and Qing Dynasties, including the Ming tombs and the Ming Xiaoling Mausoleum
- 云南三江并流保护区 Three Parallel Rivers of Yunnan Protected Areas
- 四川大熊猫栖息地 Sichuan Giant Panda Sanctuaries
- 中国南方喀斯特 South China Karst
- 福建土楼 Fujian Tulou
- 杭州西湖文化景观 West Lake Cultural Landscape of Hangzhou
- 大运河 Grand Canal
- 丝绸之路：长安－天山廊道的路网 Silk Roads: the Routes Network of Chang'an-Tianshan Corridor
- 鼓浪屿：国际历史社区 Kulangsu: a Historic International Settlement
- 泉州：宋元中国的世界海洋商贸中心 Historic Monuments and Sites of Ancient Quanzhou (Zayton)

# United States (3/24)

- Statue of Liberty
- San Antonio Missions
- The 20th-Century Architecture of Frank Lloyd Wright

# United Kingdom (2/33)

- Maritime Greenwich
- Palace of Westminster and Westminster Abbey including Saint Margaret's Church
